<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><?workdir /Users/frank/GIT/swifttype/temp/concepts?><?workdir-uri file:/Users/frank/GIT/swifttype/temp/concepts/?><?path2project ../?><?path2project-uri ../?><?doctype-public -//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN?><?doctype-system http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/concept.dtd?><concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" xmlns:dita-ot="http://dita-ot.sourceforge.net/ns/201007/dita-ot" class="- topic/topic concept/concept " ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic concept)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " id="notices" xml:lang="en-us" xtrc="concept:1;7:40" xtrf="file:/Users/frank/GIT/swifttype/dita/it-book/concepts/notices.dita">
<title class="- topic/title " xtrc="title:1;8:8" xtrf="file:/Users/frank/GIT/swifttype/dita/it-book/concepts/notices.dita">Notice</title>
<shortdesc class="- topic/shortdesc " xtrc="shortdesc:1;9:12" xtrf="file:/Users/frank/GIT/swifttype/dita/it-book/concepts/notices.dita">This information was developed for products and services offered in the U.S.A.</shortdesc><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><author class="- topic/author " xtrc="author:1;12:17" xtrf="file:/Users/frank/GIT/swifttype/dita/it-book/taskbook.ditamap">Howe Tuduit</author><data class="- topic/data " name="wh-tile" xtrc="data:1;40:34" xtrf="file:/Users/frank/GIT/swifttype/dita/it-book/taskbook.ditamap">
              <data class="- topic/data " name="hide" value="yes" xtrc="data:2;41:46" xtrf="file:/Users/frank/GIT/swifttype/dita/it-book/taskbook.ditamap"/>        
            </data></prolog>
<conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody " xtrc="conbody:1;10:10" xtrf="file:/Users/frank/GIT/swifttype/dita/it-book/concepts/notices.dita">
<p class="- topic/p " xtrc="p:1;11:4" xtrf="file:/Users/frank/GIT/swifttype/dita/it-book/concepts/notices.dita">This product is meant for educational purposes only.
Some of the trademarks mentioned in this product appear for identification purposes only.
Not responsible for direct, indirect, incidental or consequential damages resulting from any defect, error or failure to perform.
Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead is purely coincidental.
Void where prohibited.
Some assembly required.
Batteries not included.
Use only as directed.
Do not use while operating a motor vehicle or heavy equipment.
Do not fold, spindle or mutilate.
Do not stamp.
No user-serviceable parts inside.
Subject to change without notice.
Drop in any mailbox.
No postage necessary if mailed in the United States.
Postage will be paid by addressee.
Post office will not deliver without postage.
Some equipment shown is optional.
Objects in mirror may be closer than they appear.
Not recommended for children.
Your mileage may vary.
</p>
<p class="- topic/p " xtrc="p:2;33:4" xtrf="file:/Users/frank/GIT/swifttype/dita/it-book/concepts/notices.dita">No other warranty expressed or implied.
This supersedes all previous notices.</p>
<section class="- topic/section " xtrc="section:1;35:10" xtrf="file:/Users/frank/GIT/swifttype/dita/it-book/concepts/notices.dita"><title class="- topic/title " xtrc="title:2;35:17" xtrf="file:/Users/frank/GIT/swifttype/dita/it-book/concepts/notices.dita"> COPYRIGHT LICENSE:</title><p class="- topic/p " xtrc="p:3;35:47" xtrf="file:/Users/frank/GIT/swifttype/dita/it-book/concepts/notices.dita">This information contains sample application programs in source language, which illustrate programming techniques on various operating platforms. You may copy, modify, and distribute these sample programs in any form without payment to IBM, for the purposes of developing, using, marketing or distributing application programs conforming to the application programming interface for the operating platform for which the sample programs are written. These examples have not been thoroughly tested under all conditions. Retro Tools, therefore, cannot guarantee or imply reliability, serviceability, or function of these programs. </p></section>
</conbody>
<related-links class="- topic/related-links "><linkpool class="- topic/linkpool " mapkeyref="taskbook" xtrc="notices:1;38:47" xtrf="file:/Users/frank/GIT/swifttype/dita/it-book/taskbook.ditamap"><linkpool class="- topic/linkpool " xtrc="notices:1;38:47" xtrf="file:/Users/frank/GIT/swifttype/dita/it-book/taskbook.ditamap"><link class="- topic/link " format="dita" href="../topics/trademarks.dita" mapclass="- map/topicref " role="child" scope="local" type="topic" xtrc="topicref:1;44:54" xtrf="file:/Users/frank/GIT/swifttype/dita/it-book/taskbook.ditamap"><?ditaot usertext?><linktext class="- topic/linktext "><?ditaot gentext?>Trademarks</linktext><?ditaot genshortdesc?><desc class="- topic/desc ">The following terms are trademarks of the Retro Tools in the United States, other countries, or both:</desc></link></linkpool></linkpool></related-links></concept>